Yeah. Mmm.
Have you seen the news today?
No. Why?
You see
Stock market companies are suspected of tax evasion
Bribery and other crimes
Guo Yuting is under investigation as a legal person
Just started today.
All the stocks in the stock market fell by the limit as soon as they went up
If this trend continues
It is uncertain that the stock market will be suspended from the market
How could this be?
It was fine a few days ago.
We little people
I don't know the inside story of big corporate shareholders
But fortunately, he also drew a clear line with Gu Yunting
In case the story business goes bankrupt and violates debts
It has nothing to do with you.
I don't know what's going on now.
Why did I suddenly collapse?
No way.
He is the father of the child after all
I couldn't leave him alone.